Initially, I was confident that I would be able to work through this assignment. I thought that because I have experience with 
kodethon and terminal that I would grasp the skills necessary for this assignment quickly. So when I would manipulate the directory 
files, I was confident I was in the right place. However, once I attempted to commit the merged file and it didn't work, I realized 
that I was terribly lost. I know that my struggle comes from my inexperience, I haven't given myself the time to develop the 
understanding that is necessary for solving a merge conflict. I waited until the day before to genuinely put the effort forth 
necessary for this assignment and I ended up putting myself into a stressful situation. I am certain that if I had asked for help
in office hours, I would have been able to complete the assignment and it would have taken me a fraction of the time. Now, I know
that I need to take actionable steps to ask for help especially since I will have to make office hour appointments in order to 
fit asking questions into my schedule.

Despite my shortcomings during this assignment, I still had a lot of fun when I would figure something out. It was almost like a 
game of discovery. Once I understood the functionality of a new command I felt more and more comfortable with working in the 
command prompt for Git Bash. Now, had I started working on the project sooner. I could have given myself more opportunities for
discovery, especially by giving myself more time or being able ask to questions at office hours. Even though the assignment is
finished, the google searches that I made show that merge conflicts are common and I will develop my skills. 

I am also curious to monitor my progress with this type of assignment, how many commits do I make and commands do I write when
I was first starting out. How many less commits and commands does it take me when I am more comfortable with Git Bash? It could
show an interesting correlation with attendance at office hours.
