# PA1 Reflection 

* There were several struggles that I had to overcome while working on this programming assignment. 
My first dilemma was applying the unknown terminology like repository, push, pulls, commits, and what 
version control applications are used for like Github. After I associated all the terminology, I found
it extremely difficult to replicate the steps after only seeing them one time. Another struggle I
encountered was learning the order in which to execute commands and what terminal I'm supposed to use.
I usually create documentation, but the pace of the material while trying to keep up with the steps made
it impossible to create this while in the moment of the class. 

* I was not able to complete the merge conflict by myself. This was extremely frustrating, but I knew I 
needed to ask for help. 

* If I had to give future advice to a student, I would recommend they seek out help from the teacher during 
their office hours, and I would highly recommend the CS tutoring. I find that active collaboration enriches
the struggle and can give a student more hope when they are feeling defeated and frustrated. I would also 
advise the student to start the assignments early. 

* There was so much fun in working with others and asking them how they approached their process and the 
logic behind it. I'm absolutely fascinated by looking at other people's though process to increase the
efficiency of my own.

* The most difficult aspect of this assignment is understanding how different tools can achieve
The same goal, and learning to adapt to different software, syntax, and commands.

* I found the Struggle to be extremely rewarding because it was so difficult to piece everything together.
I have a better understanding of what it means to to the repository and commit locally and pull from the
master repository when there are updates.The merge aspect of the assignment was the most rewarding because 
I worked on that and tried so many different options, so when I finally saw the purple merge button on 
Github, I did a little dance for joy.

* I would say it might be helpful to go slightly slower in class, so students can make 
  solid documentation in class. I feel this will mitigate unnecessary emails to the teacher, and help the
  students learn to create documentation.

 * I’m excited to see what I learn in this class. Thank you for the opportunity. 
